iliketowatch: Automatically reload pages as you edit them in Vim
================================================================
- [Introduction](#introduction)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [options](#options)
- [requirements](#requirements)
- [To Do](#todo)

#Introduction 
##Don't click away your focus
One of the many benefits of working on modular documents and webpages that can be 
rendered in a browser is the chance to see your progress as you work.

Or, well, almost as you work. You just need to click refresh. 

Keeping track of which changes you have made and which you need to make as you 
alternate between different programming languages while navigating around your document structure
can be an enormous hassle on its own. 
But when you have to leave the editor you are working in, 
move you mouse over to your browser 
and refresh you have just done something that took your focus of your work.
And this is assuming you can find your page right away - I usually have to search around multiple windows and tabs
just to find the document that my results are in, all the time moving away from tabs that were 
open to books and websites I was referencing as I wrote the code. 
So now I have to find those pages again, but, um, then, so this article looks interesting... 

just gonna skim this real quick...

Wait - what was I trying to get this page to do again?

**Focus gone**

This small distraction is worse than an annoyance - it can actually prevent you from being as effective as you need to be.

##iliketowatch takes care of this hassle for you
It doesn't mind - it likes watching. It's the only job it has. 
Whenever a page in your current project path is saved, `iliketowatch` searches browser tabs
for files that are in the same path. 
When it finds a tab that is in the same path as the file you just saved, it refreshes the tab
and you see your results. It's as simple as that.
Checking your results only takes a glance, leaving your focus in Vim and on your work.

#Using iliketowatch
###iliketowatch to start watching
For example, suppose I was testing a alternating between themes for a document, `document.html`, generated by files in the structure:
```
.
├── res 
│   ├── css
│   │   ├── main-theme.css
│   │   ├── blue-theme.css
│   │   ├── red-theme.css
│   │   ├── blue-theme
│   │   │   ├── background.png
│   │   │   └── header.png
│   │   └── red-theme
│   │       ├── background.png
│   │       └── header.png
│   ├── img
│   │   └── title.png
│   └── js
│       ├── main.js
│       ├── 
│       └── plugins.j
└── document.html
```
From the root directory `.` I can open the document in my default browser using Vim's command line:
```vim
:!open document.html
```
And start watching the entire folder using:
```vim
:iliketowatch
```
or, if Vim's current directory is not in your project's root directory, enter
```vim
:iliketowatch \path\to\project\root
```
`iliketowatch` is now watching the files in your project directory. 
If you make changes to `blue-theme.css` then when you save your changes `iliketowatch` refreshes the
tab displaying `document.js`. If you make changes to `title.png`, `iliketowatch` refreshes `document.html`
If you edit and save a file outside of the path, `iliketowatch.js` does nothing.

###nodontwatch to stop watching
To stop watching for changes in a given path, use
```vim
:nodontwatch \path\to\stop\watching
```
to stop watching all folders, simply use
```vim
:nodontwatch
```

###ihavetowatch forces a refresh for the current files project directory
Assuming we have already started watching the project structure an open file is in, using
```vim
:ihavetowatch
```
will refresh tabs displaying files from the same folder path.

##Installation
Using [Vundle](https://github.com/gmarik/Vundle.vim) from inside Vim:
```vim
:PluginInstall 'imouzon/iliketowatch'
```

##Requirements
Right now I have only tested in a few situations, but I am certain you need:

- OS X Yosemite
- Chrome or Safari

I will try to get everything more general in the future, but at the moment this specific set up is required.
At the moment, this plugin uses javascript and the Javascript for Automation tool set that comes
packaged with Apple's Yosemite operating system. 
Out of the box, this means that the code must be called using `oascript`. 
It may be possible to modify the code slightly and make it work using 
node as in [OSA](https://www.npmjs.com/package/osa) but I haven't tested this completely yet.

The package assumes that the plugin is installed under `~/.vim/bundle/`, the default for Vundle,
though this is modifiable (see the options below).

##Options
###Setting the browser
You can set the browser using
```vim
"For Google Chrome
let g:iliketowatch_browser = "chrome"

"For Google Chrome Canary
let g:iliketowatch_browser = "canary"

"For Safari
let g:iliketowatch_browser = "safari"
```

###Bundle directory
At the moment, iliketowatch assumes that plugins are stored under `~/.vim/bundle/`.
If that is not the case, setting the path to your plugins can be done using:
```vim
let g:iliketowatch_plugindir = "/path/to/vim/plugins/"
```

##To Do
At the moment this is tailor-built for my purposes. 
I may expand it in the future if time permits (keep watching).




<!--
.
├── res 
│   ├── css
│   │   ├── main-theme.css
│   │   ├── blue-theme.css
│   │   ├── red-theme.css
│   │   ├── blue-theme
│   │   │   ├── background.png
│   │   │   └── header.png
│   │   └── blue-theme
│   │       ├── background.png
│   │       └── header.png
│   ├── img
│   │   ├── title.png
│   │   ├── favicon.ico
│   │   ├── tile-wide.png
│   │   ├── tile.png
│   │   ├── avatar.png
│   │   └── posts
│   │       ├── thoughts.png
│   │       └── ...
│   │       └── ...
│   │       └── ...
│   ├── js
│   │   ├── main.js
│   │   ├── plugins.js
│   │   └── vendor
│   │       ├── jquery.min.js
│   │       └── modernizr.min.js
│   └── R
│       ├── ui.R
│       └── server.R
├── doc
│   ├── editing.md
│   └── about.md
├── .editorconfig
├── .htaccess
├── 404.html
├── browserconfig.xml
├── crossdomain.xml
├── index.html
├── humans.txt
├── robots.txt
├── favicon.ico
├── tile-wide.png
└── tile.png
-->
